welcome to another signal teardown
today's gadget is the Sony FDR ax 104k
handycam a camera that captures 4k 30p
video that far exceeds HD resolution
before we see the inside guts of the
video camera here's a quick look at the
outside first up is the zoom and focus
control select your choice and then use
the ring to adjust as needed when you
open the LCD touchscreen you can see the
typical buttons found on Sony camcorders
for controlling the screen the white
balance and even selecting night shot
for clearer shooting at night or in dark
spaces also in this area of the camera
is the opening for adding an SD card or
memory card at the bottom are three
buttons which control the iris gain and
shutter speed next to that are the
inputs for HDMI and headphones on top of
the camera is the multi interface shoe
where you can connect items like the
external microphone or external light
equipment also on top is the button that
allows you to take 20 megapixel images
on the back is the viewfinder the
viewfinder has an opening angle
adjustment up to 90 degrees and turning
angle up to 270 degrees finally on the
other side is the button for the focus
magnifier for the carl zeiss
vario-sonnar t lens with 18x optical
zoom alright so let's open this camera
up by removing all the external
components first the bottom of the plate
is held together with seven screws and
is made of plastic when removed you are
able to see the harnesses coming from
the battery holder to the main board
next we take out the main hand strap and
the other side panel as you see there
are lots of clamps on this camera to
hold the cover in place and make it very
secure in taking away these sides we now
see the NFC antenna as this camera not
only has NFC but smartphone connectivity
via Wi-Fi the cover of the lens is then
removed and designed in several pieces
so parts can be easily replaced if
needed
the zoom and auto control pieces are
then removed allowing for the 3.5 inch
extra-fine LCD touchscreen display to be
completely disconnected the ribbon cable
is the main communication the screens
and buttons on that
side used to talk to the rest of the
camera when the other side of the case
is eliminated and the viewfinder is
pulled out we see the microphone once
that is removed we need to release the
multi interface connector which connects
various parts of the camera together the
metal part revealed is made of magnesium
which allows the heat of the camera to
dissipate after fully separating the
viewfinder disconnecting the short
flexible cord and removing another metal
plate we see colorful cable cords each
cable goes to different parts of the
camera communicating how much battery
should be given to different aspects of
the camera each colors represent
different power sources on the camera
and they tell the camera if power is
needed in more areas than others this
also helps tell you how much battery you
have left through the screen with all of
that detached we can now see the main
circuit board and here is the board that
reads the memory stick and or SD card
with the slot attached to it this small
metal circle on the board is the cameras
backup battery should the main battery
be compromised
next is the removal of the infrared
board and another flexible cable which
sends info to and from the main circuit
board to different parts of the camera
on the main circuit board is the noob
ions X image processing engine for
higher speed and peerless quality this
is as far as we can take it but here's
what's left inside the camera adopts the
1.0 type exmor r CMOS sensor also inside
is the 29 millimeter wide angle zeiss
vario-sonnar t lens which was newly
developed to fulfill a high definition
description the lens has 17 pieces
including advanced a spherical and IDI
lenses to fulfill a high definition
description even at the peripheral part
the camera also sports two built-in ND
filters for controlling the volume of
light that passes on to the image sensor
from the lens one 4k camera a talented
engineer and sixty screws later there
you have it the sony 4k handycam
camcorder you can get your hands on a
sony 4k camcorder today and for more
product first looks and tear downs head
to youtube.com slash signal